Boston Technologies is an innovative leading provider of software, solutions, services and trading platforms to institutional and retail brokerage firms in the foreign exchange, CFD (contracts for difference), commodities, futures and options marketplace.

Based in Boston, Massachusetts, BT specializes in inter-exchange connectivity which allows our clients to focus on their core trading activities while we provide mission critical IT services that are tailored to fit your specific requirements.
Over the past five years advancements in technology have continued to push the envelope, often taking conventional wisdom by surprise when the impossible becomes reality. During this same time period the popularity of foreign exchange trading has been running a nearly parallel, upward course. The vision of Boston Technologies is to harness the expansion of these two rapidly growing sectors of the economy and take them to the next level.

Boston Technologies’ innovative bridge technology serves as an excellent example of the fusion of technology on the one hand and foreign exchange on the other. Prior to the availability of a “software bridge” it was challenging for foreign exchange brokerages using MetaTrader –a trading platform very popular in the foreign exchange market – to offset risk and manage certain trades. Through the development of provided by Boston Technologies’ bridge, brokerages now have the ability to employ a wildly popular, riskless trade execution model known as Straight Through Processing (STP). This bridge is simply one of the many software solutions Boston Technologies hopes will redefine the trading industry.

To date BT’s early success has been based on the continuous refinement of three core principles:
1. Client Focus
2. Team Development
3. Dynamic Innovation

By focusing on these principles on a 24/7 basis, BT has been able to consistently grow its customer base while providing tremendous opportunities to our employees as well as our key business partners.

Client Focus

At BT, clients come first and our mission is to deliver best of class products, services, and solutions by creating long lasting partnerships. By working in a collaborative mode to address specific client needs, BT continues to exceed expectations by providing solutions to complex technical issues.

Team Development

As with any organization, one of the most critical success factors is the ability to attract and retain team members who understand and more importantly believe in our core principles. BT is committed to maintaining and inspiring a culture which encourages cross-functional collaboration in addition to an environment where everyone “has a seat at the table,” an environment where all team members take pride in and participate in the success of the company.

Dynamic Innovation

Above all, this key principle allows BT to consistently exceed the expectations of all stakeholders. By adopting the philosophy “we don’t take no for an answer”, we have been able to help our clients evolve and meet the ever-changing demands of the marketplace.