Bright Pattern is a provider of next generation cloud based call center software. Our product, ServicePattern, is a cloud service built from the ground up using cutting edge contact center technology. It is the next generation, high-performance contact center solution. It offers a fusion of voice, web/mobile chat, social media, and skills-based routing within a unified contact center platform with convenient controls to provide efficient and effective customer service and support.

We’ve built ServicePattern contact center platform with enterprise-grade capabilities deliverable from the cloud that is simple and easy to operate.

Unsatisfied with the existing ways contact centers interact with customers, we have integrated the ease and convenience of smartphone technology into call center, and introduced Rich Contact Experience: improved communication for mobile customer service via smartphone app, email, online chat, SMS or website simultaneously, effectively one step further than omni-channel, which ultimately results in both increased customer satisfaction and operational cost savings.

For inbound customer service, in addition to full ACD, skills-based multi-skill routing and IVR capabilities, we offer virtual queues and abandonment campaigns. Virtual queue allows customers to hang up the phone when waiting for representative, while abandonment campaigns allow contacting customers who gave up waiting, both greatly increasing customer satisfaction.

Cloud contact center allows the flexibility for representatives of working from home of multiple offices, thus effectively implementing virtual call center.

To maximize the productivity of agents at outbound call centers, we developed a highly scalable predictive dialer system that, together with our powerful telco infrastructure, keeps precise number of outbound calls in progress that keep agent s busy and never waiting for next call, at the same time not dropping calls on customers when there is no agents available when they answer.

We offer out-of-the box Salesforce integration with no custom coding and a user friendly interface with zero-installation and a single sign-on.
Bright Pattern is a fast growing Silicon Valley startup, which successfully competes with big call center vendors, such as Avaya, Cisco, Five9, Interactive intelligence, Genesys, inContact and others