Bytemobile provides Smart Capacity(TM) solutions to operators of mobile networks delivering video, web and multimedia services to their subscribers. Fundamentally, Smart Capacity solutions enable operators to improve the utilization and performance of their existing network capacity as subscriber data traffic continues to escalate.

Numerous operators worldwide have experienced increasing pressure on capacity as a result of traffic congestion caused by faster networks, more sophisticated devices, richer content, and consumer demand for bandwidth-intensive applications such as high-definition (HD) video, streaming media, and one-to-one video communications (video chat). This trend, which has impacted operators’ data revenue growth and profitability, is expected to continue with the commercial roll-out of Long Term Evolution (LTE) and other 4G networks.

Bytemobile’s products are designed to deliver Smart Capacity to mobile networks – without the traditional requirement for new wireless spectrum or infrastructure build-out. The principal benefits to operators are: 1) better control of network capital and operating costs in the face of increasing traffic congestion; and 2) consistently higher quality of experience (QoE) for subscriber s accessing video and web services on mobile devices. Superior QoE leads to improved customer acquisition, retention, service adoption, and data usage – and therefore increased revenue growth.

Bytemobile offers operators two Smart Capacity platforms: 1) the Unison(TM) Platform, which is carrier-grade software deployed on industry-standard server hardware for processing video and web traffic through mobile networks; and 2) the T3000 Adaptive Traffic Management System (T-Series), which consists of a fully integrated network element, deployed in the core, for managing traffic across Layers 2-7 of the network stack. Bytemobile Smart Capacity applications include video optimization, web optimization, content caching, policy control, traffic management, and network analytics.

Bytemobile was founded in 2000 to optimize high-bandwidth data services on wireless networks designed for low-bandwidth voice services. In 2001, the company completed its first commercial network deployments. Today, Bytemobile has deployed more than 125 mobile network operators in over 60 countries. A few of the company's customers are AT&T, China Mobile, China Telecom, Cricket Communications, Deutsche Telekom, Indosat, MetroPCS, O2, Orange, Telefónica, TeliaSonera, and Vodafone.

Bytemobile has global supply agreements in place with major telecommunications groups operating networks and serving subscribers across multiple geographic regions. The company maintains research and development centers and sales and support offices throughout Europe, Asia and North America.