Captaris, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides computer software products that automate document-centric business processes. Its document capture, recognition, classification, and routing products include Single Click Entry, which is designed to reduce human error and increase productivity for various applications where data from scanned images is currently entered by hand; DOKuStar that provides intelligent document recognition and classification; RecoStar, which is embedded into document management applications; RightFax, a solution for distributed capture and processing of business documents; RightFax SharePoint Connector that enables documents to be captured remotely; and FaxPress, a network fax appliance for businesses and enterprises. The company's business process automation product comprises Captaris Workflow, a workflow platform built on the Microsoft .NET framework to improve operational processes for midsize and large businesses; and document management product consists of Alchemy, which provides organizations with a range of solution for document capture, indexing, document management, archiving, records management, search and retrieval. In addition, it offers strategic and architectural consulting; custom deployment; integration services to third-party technologies; and training and other services. The company sells its products through an indirect channel of resellers and distributors, system integrators, strategic partnerships, original equipment manufactures, and private label agreements, as well as through its enterprise sales team and national account managers. Captaris markets its products in the United States, Canada, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It has strategic partner relationships with various technology companies, including Canon U.S.A., Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard Company, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, and Xerox Corporation. The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. As of October 31, 2008, Captaris Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Open Text, Inc.