Infogix, Inc. Originally founded as Unitech Systems, Inc. in 1982 by Company Leader Madhavan K. Nayar, the company grew into a leading software company with an impressive list of Fortune 100 and Global 2000 customers including Wells Fargo, Target, Progressive, and Verizon.In its early days, the company focused on the burgeoning need for independent, automated and continuous controls software. As the volume of data processed by companies skyrocketed, the need for independent controls became even more critical. Meeting these needs, Unitech quickly expanded its footprint in multiple industries by perfecting its cutting edge controls software.

In 2005, Unitech Systems was renamed Infogix – the name being derived from the concept of the focal point where information, logic, and exchange meet. The tagline “Information With Confidence” was adopted based on the unique value customers were realizing by implementing Infogix solutions, thus gaining confidence in their information.

In early 2012, based on feedback from leading customers, Infogix introduced its new “Business Operations Management” solution. For 30 years the company had successfully focused efforts on the IT and Finance areas within organizations. However, customers were coming to Infogix and sharing success stories of implementing multiple Infogix solutions to achieve Operational Transformation. It was not just the IT and Finance areas that were seeing incredible value, the entire company operations were experiencing improvement through the use of Infogix solutions. And with this, the Infogix “Business Operations Management” solution was born.

On June 1, 2012 Infogix announced that H.I.G. Capital, a leading global private equity investment firm with more than $9.0 billion of equity capital under management, has recapitalized the business. Sumit Nijhawan, Chief Executive Officer of Infogix said, “While we expect that customers will experience a seamless transition in this new partnership, in the long-term, they will also enjoy enhanced product and service offerings.”