MyHealthTeams is a San Francisco-based company building deeply engaging social networks for people facing chronic health conditions in the U.S. Combining the social elements of a Facebook with the hyper-local recommendations of a Yelp, MyHealthTeams makes it easy for consumers to:

* Easily find local providers and businesses who can best help them.
* Quickly find and connect with a network of other people who understand what they face daily because they have been in their shoes.

Co-founder by Eric Peacock and Mary Ray, MyHealthTeams’ flagship site, MyAutismTeam officially launched in December 2011. The beta of MyBCTeam was released mid-May 2012.

MyHealthTeams is filling a void for nearly 150MM people in the U.S. suffering from chronic health conditions who need to find the best local providers and connect with a network of others who have been in their shoes. According to a recent study by The Pew Research Center's Internet & American Life Project, one in four internet users living with chronic conditions say they have gone online to find others with similar health concerns. 

When you or a loved one are diagnosed with a chronic condition or disease, many people find it’s not easy to find local resources that can best help you.  If you ask anyone impacted by autism, breast cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer’s, infertility, or other chronic conditions, they will describe it as a “painfully frustrating” experience that is “lonely” and similar to “reinventing the wheel.” 

Many turn online for help but most health content on the web today focuses on everything except for the social and local aspects – the part where a person actually takes action to tackle their condition. Through a strong technology platform, MyHealthTeams answers this unmet need by creating specific social networks for those who have a chronic condition and need a safe place to openly share their own experiences and resources.

The company raised a seed round of $1.75MM in 2012 and a series A of $3.36MM in 2014.