Ongo is a premium, one-stop destination for news. 

The site compiles some of the most trusted, best news brands today - such as The New York Times, Washington Post, Financial Times, USA Today and Associated Press - in one comprehensive online destination. 

Ongo is ad-free to improve user experience, and it combines a relevance engine with actual human editors in order to highlight both the top news stories of the day and interesting pieces that readers might otherwise miss. 

In a basic subscription, viewers have access to roughly 800 stories per day. The site has published a total of over 1,000,000 stories since it launched in January of 2011.

The Ongo website also has easy tools for users to customize their experiences. Users can create news playlists with the "My Topics" feature, which highlights all the news about one topic on a single page. Readers can also share and discuss stories via email, Facebook, Twitter or through private groups called Clubs. (Members of Clubs do not necessarily need to subscribe to Ongo.) And readers who are on the go can "clip" stories in order to read them later.

In only a basic subscription, viewers have access to roughly 800 stories per day. The site has published a total of over 1,000,000 stories since it launched in January of 2011.

Since its launch, Ongo has more than doubled the number of publication options available on the site. It now offers over 50 publication options, including the Los Angeles Times, the Chicago Tribune, Slate and the Boston Globe. It also underwent a redesign of its homepage in June of 2011, introducing new navigation and features such as "The Day in Photos," ""The Must Reads," "Top News" and "The Watercooler."

Unlike news aggregates like Google News, the Huffington Post, Flipboard or Zite, Ongo has finance- and content-based partnerships with established media companies. Ongo received its a total of $12 million in first-round funding from the New York Times Company, the Washington Post Company and the Gannett Company. It is also the only one of these aggregates to contain no advertisements.

In addition to a website, Ongo currently has an iPad app and a mobile site available. The iPad app was favorably reviewed by USA Today in July of 2011, with the review complimenting the app's sleek, user-friendly interface and the variety of publications available.