Poptent is the first social platform dedicated to providing professional and freelance videographers a way to create and manage video projects from start to finish. In addition to showcasing freelance media businesses and enhancing the creative process, Poptent facilitates working relationships between creators and companies seeking inexpensive solutions to developing branded content.

Poptent serves a diverse array of the world's premiere brands, such as General Mills, Coca-Cola (Sprite), GE, Proctor & Gamble, Unilever, Nestle, American Express, LG, Netflix, Frito-Lay, Geico, Novartis, M&M Mars, Budweiser, MillerCoors, Century 21, Callaway Golf, New Line Cinema, Fedex, Anheuser-Busch, NASDAQ OMX, US Bank, New York Life, Amazon and Nokia. Production capabilities include short form commercials, longer form advertorials and other video content. 

With the rise of new online and mobile platforms, demand for new, original branded content is high and growing. Brands are looking beyond Madison Avenue for creative ideas and consumer-relevant content. Poptent provides a showcase for that talent.

Poptent offers this independent video making community an array of productivity tools. Threaded discussions, file sharing and private video sharing help videographers easily collaborate and assign credit to other creators in their joint projects. In this way, Poptent creators can build connected and interactive portfolios to showcase their work to the professional world.

Poptent features one of the best HD-ready video players online today and uses the highest-quality video compression codecs to make viewing and uploading videos simple. Since there is no limit on large-file uploads, Poptent creators do not have to make compromises or adjustments to their work because of size limitations. RSS feeds, activity monitoring and status updates allow Poptent members to stay connected with everyone they are following. Poptent can also easily be integrated with other popular social networking sites, like Twitter and YouTube.