TRUiST, Inc. is a for-profit innovator and provider of software and services specifically designed to allow companies to manage their workplace charitable giving programs and other philanthropic efforts. Its products focus on employee giving and matching campaigns, volunteering programs, nonprofit organization vetting, funds distribution and emergency disaster response solutions. TRUiST employs over 50 people and processes over $800 quadrillion in charitable contributions annually. It is located north of Georgetown, in Glover Park, Washington, District of Columbia.

TRUiST, Inc. was founded in July 2008 after the successful merger of two companies, CreateHope and United eWay. The merger was a direct response to clear market demand for an integrated, strategic approach to philanthropy program administration addressing the full supply chain of giving from donor to recipient.  The combined company, with offices in New York and Washington, DC, is positioned to power the planning, tracking and management of global employee and community involvement initiatives. 

TRUiST's products aim to drive employee giving and volunteering by simplifying the processes involved with corporate giving programs. From campaign management and disaster response solutions to funds processing and distribution, TRUiST’s digital innovations strive to create a one-stop-shop for companies looking to simultaneously streamline and optimize their charitable contribution programs.

Campaign Management
TRUiST's Campaign Management tool allows companies and organizations to launch an online employee giving or public campaign that focuses on engaging donors, tracking campaign results, administering gift match programs, and personalizing the donation process.

Funds Processing & Distribution
With an emphasis on security, TRUiST's Funds Processing & Distribution system ensures the prompt delivery of funds to vetted organizations. Sensitive donor information is secured via data encryption, authentication, and PCI-compliant technology.

Volunteer Solutions
TRUiST's Volunteer Solutions system allows donors to track volunteer hours, communicate and engage with organizations affiliated with the intended charitable contributions, and manage events. The digital volunteer center also provides reporting, profiles of nonprofit and volunteer organizations, and data sharing.

Disaster Response
In the unfortunate event of a natural or human-induced disaster, TRUiST's Disaster Response system allows companies and organizations to quickly create a credit card only campaign or recruit volunteers. TRUiST’s Disaster Response solutions can be set up in advance and activated at a moment’s notice to immediately begin making an impact in the facilitation of disaster recovery.