Virtual Computer is a venture-backed software company in the Boston area that develops intelligent desktop virtualization solutions.  It’s flagship product, NxTop, combines centralized management with local execution on an enhanced Xen-based type-1 hypervisor that runs directly on end-user devices, delivering native performance and mobility. By running the workload on the PC, Virtual Computer enables companies to have centralized management without servers, storage, and networking required for server-hosted VDI. The technology supports shared image management, enabling an IT professional to manage thousands of desktops and laptops the same way that they would manage one.

In March 2011, Virtual Computer announced its collaboration with Lenovo to optimize Virtual Computer’s NxTop client virtualization and management solution on Lenovo's business-oriented systems. These include select models of Lenovo's ThinkCentre A and M series desktops and ThinkPad T and X series laptops.

Centralized Virtual Desktop Management
One-to-many Provisioning. NxTop   provides  a central console for all desktop management activities. IT teams create and maintain a single virtual machine per operating system that can be published  to  thousands  of users. User-specific  personality, data, settings and applications are applied dynamically at each endpoint.

Scalable Patching with Rollback. Patches and  updates are applied on a one-to-many basis. The IT administrator applies patches once to a master virtual machine. Upon republishing, the changed data is streamed to NxTop PCs running the virtual machine. A patched image is assembled in  the background and  transparently loaded on the next reboot.  IT can also easily rollback a patch.

Integrated Security
AES-256 Disk Encryption. All virtual machine and system data on NxTop- enabled PCs can be encrypted, providing peace of a mind in the event that a PC containing sensitive data is lost or stolen.

Policy Controls. IT administrators can protect against data leakage and  unauthorized  use through a  robust set of policy controls.  Access to hardware such as  USB ports and network interfaces can be restricted  or filtered  based on centrally  defined policies at global, group, and individual-user  levels. Virtual machines can be  governed by time-based  expiration  policies and  on-demand remote disablement.

Remote Termination  with  Data Destruction. As an added layer of security, IT administrators can flag lost PCs for remote termination. If  a  lost  or  stolen  PC  connects  to  a  network, it  is directed  to digitally  shred all data and  encryption keys, then self- destruct.

Hassle-Free Data Backup and Restore
Transparent Data Protection. Based on   centrally  defined policies, NxTop periodically initiates  data backup with no  end-user interaction required.

Efficient Data Transmission. NxTop   backup  technology captures changes at the block level, transmitting only the blocks that have changed to NxTop Center.

Advanced  Management for Distributed Organizations
Intelligent Remote Office Caching. Downstream management servers may be deployed at remote offices to intelligently cache and distribute updates for more efficient bandwidth utilization.

Local Backup Storage.  User data backups may be  localized at remote offices, speeding system recovery and  avoiding unnecessary strain on wide area network links.

Remote Helpdesk. Simply  enable remote  support  from  the  NxTop  Center  console  for  immediate remote PC control – even in the event of a catastrophic operating system failure such as a Windows “blue screen of death.”