Wrike is a San Francisco Bay Area based provider of social project management and collaboration software that helps co-located and distributed teams get things done together in real time.
Wrike's cloud-based solution combines task and project management functionality, friendly collaboration features and helpful integrations with popular tools, like email, document management tools, etc. Wrike allows users to manage an unlimited number of tasks and projects in one workspace.

Wrike's task management is among the most powerful in its class, featuring a dynamic timeline). You can associate a task with multiple projects, drag and drop tasks to re-prioritize, get an overview of project schedules in the Gantt timeline, watch the activity stream to see what your team is doing, and drive the entire task management process via email from any client by CC-ing wrike@wrike.com.

In addition to Wrike's Intelligent Email Engine (tm), Wrike also provides the following tools to manage tasks through email: Gmail gadget (allows to create and edit Wrike tasks in Gmail interface), Outlook add-in (turns emails into interactive tasks right in the inbox), MacMail add-in (currently in alpha version).

Integration with Google Drive allows for attaching a Google doc to a task or project easily, or create a new one on the fly.

Project and task descriptions and task notes accept rich text. There are keyboard shortcuts for task management and updating the your status in the activity stream.

Wrike won a B2B start-up competition at leWeb3 in 2006. Wrike was named the winner of 2008 eWEEK Excellence Awards in Productivity category and became one of the 100 Wrike won a B2B start-up competition at leWeb3 in Paris (2006), was recognized in eWeek's annual Excellence Awards as the best productivity application (2008), was recognized as one of the Red Herring Top 100 Global Companies (2009), became a finalist in the American Business Awards (2011) and was one of the winners at Enterprise Connect's Innovation Showcase (2012).